Week Two: COMPLETED ON TIME
	Approximately: 14 hrs and 7m
	

	Did Tuesday:
		Setup login and registration and Assign userID to session variable, and related database procedure creation.
			Took: 30m
		Setup use of that session variable to display games, and related database procedure creation.
			Also switched to dynamic game dropdowns (complete)
			Also updated each page so Game's actual name is loaded via the above session variable
			Took: 1h 11m ish total.
		Added 'You have no games' label feature to Main page dropdowns if you are not in any games.
			Took: I am ashamed to say about 30 mins thanks to CSS.
		
	Did Wednesday:
		Added subtitles to each dynamic page
			Took: 20m
		Added additional redirect features to pages if userID session variable == null
			Took: 10mish
		Load Button seemingly completed
			Took: 1hr 20m.
		+30m for misc stuff like add support for green partymembers

	Did Thursday
		Changed Encounter Tool Session Variable to storing Encounter Objects instead of Dictionary of Entities
			Did this to preserve encounterID, check encounter's gameId matches active tool gameID (to protect against encounters appearing in the wrong encounter tools due to session)
			Took ~1 hour
		
	Did Friday:
		Delete Encounter
			Encounter and all monsters deleted from DB
			Reload Page (ala load)
			Took: ~25m
		Save Encounter
			Any added monsters get added to DB w/ current values
			Any existing monsters get updated in DB w/ current values
			Any deleted monsters get deleted from DB
			Reloads page (ala load)
			Took: 2hrs
			
		Tried to do sort preservation, but no limited success
			In the end there is now only one way to each column, but its state is preserved.
			Took: 1hr
		New Encounter
			Reload page (ala load), so working from fresh.
			Took: 5 seconds...
		
		Empty Table Sorting Buttons are small.  Need to default them to proper width somehow.
			After a hour or two spent on this, I copped out and just made the buttons invisible unless there is an entry.
			Took: 1.5 hours
			
		Be nice if u could preserve sort state both ways (asc/desc)
			Took: 20m
			
	Did Saturday:
		Save no longer reloads entire page, basically does a load of the save.
			Took: 5m
		
		Began Working on Week 3 Stuff ahead of schedule!
		
			Completed Party Tool
				Creating Party Screen
					Spent 1 hr 22m
						Progress:  Core stuff complete, still needs sorting/saving.
				
				If you click on the Party Screen link whilst already in the Party Screen, invisible rows becomes visible again.
					This also applies to encounter tool, and will apply to any object table page.
					Fixed this for all screens by using universal 'savedContent' session variable, and clearing it on gamebutton press.
					Spent: 30m on this and other stuff
				Hooked up Party Screen Sorting
					Spent: 20m
				
				Save Party
					Spent: 42m
					
				Hookup party loading to encounter tool
					Spent 15m
					
				Added headers to encounterTable/partyTable Add tables
					Spent 7m

	
Would Be nice to add:
	Stop using cookies to remember main page dropdowns, and instead use hiddenfields.  Much simpler.
	Add Radio buttons to Rows so I can have a character bio section below for selected characters
	Some kind of notification on leaving page or encounter load, to prompt saving any changes first.
