Week Three: On Schedule so far.

	Sunday:
		Party Table, add blank size = default value to M?
			Spent like 5m
			
		Random CSS for Object Tables
			Spent like 1.5 hours playing around with it.
			
	Monday:
		Worked on Create Game Page and a ton of work on CSS across many pages.
			Spent: 3 hours
			
		Setup SP and code for creating new games
			Spent: ~1 hour?
			
	Tuesday:
		Messed with CSS for a long while.
			Spent: ~1 hour
			
	Wednesday:
		Fixed bug caused by encoded apostrophe being entered into a Cookie, which made asp.net think it was a security violation and crashed the whole program....
			Spent: 30m or so placing in HtmlDecodes.
			PS:  I then removed the HTMLDecodes as this seemed to make Encoding them in the first place pointless, as it wouldnt protect against XSS attacks anymore.  See To Do for ongoing drama.
		
		Worked on Join Games Page, create Game Table with radio buttons so you can select the game you want
			Still needs a join selected game button, and textboxes/fields to send a join request.
			Spent: Maybe about 1.5 hours
		
		Made global CSS Changes and Fixed fatal Bug in ObjectTables in instances where user is dumb and removes the value from integer textboxes.
			Spent: Maybe 35m
	Friday:
		Finished Join Game Page and minor troubleshooting on the Apostrophe problem
			Spent: 1 hr 45m
		Worked on Party Page (Join requests)
			Almost complete, just need to hookup stored procedures.
			Spent: 50m
		
To Do:
	Finish Party Page (Finish buttons for accepting/denying Join requests)
	Party Page (Players)
	
	Answer the question of the apostrophe...
		Why does an apostrophe get encoded by html encode?  Why does this then crash the entire program in a cookie?  Should I htmldecode this stuff to avoid the crash, or does that just avoid the whole
		point of encoding it in the first place?  (Probably)
		
		For now I have disabled all validation in web.config to make it not crash on the Join Game screen, cause stackoverflow said to.  Seems like that's not a real solution though.

	
Would be nice Section:
	Create Game Page
		Would be nice if I could reload the main screen section after game creation so user doesnt have to refresh to see new game listed.
		Only solution I can come up with is to use javascript, and thats just more trouble than its worth right now.