Week Five:
	Approximately:  TBD.
	
	Wednesday:
		Added Leave Game button to Player Party Page so players can quit their games.
			Spent: 45m because cookies were causing grief.
		
		First Draft of code for Custom Page Table in Custom Page Tool completed and untested
			Spent: 1hr
			
		Continued working on Custom Page Tool.  It now allows uploading/editing of files, and altering of their order displayed.
			Still requires additional code, big files of 20mb just
			Spent 2h
		
		Fixed Custom Page Tool showing white screen on large file uploads (~25mb).  Also fixed long existing css scrollbar problem.
			Increased max request length to 30mb in web.config
			Spent: 10m
		
		Continued working on Custom Page Tool solving bugs but unfortunately creating more in the process it seems.
			Everything now works EXCEPT for when you delete a CustomPage the sortIndexes of all the Pages after it do not yet get updated.
			Spent: 45m

	Thursday
		Went from using Object tags to Master pages across the whole website
			Also switched from using cookies and Response.Redirects to Response.Redirect and a few session variables
			Has done some significant damage to my CSS in the process, but can be fixed.
			Spent: 1h 40m
			
		Spent an age trying to get PDF loading to work again after the massive changes (see above), along with fixed most of the CSS
			Had to make a new WebForm to house the object tag (easy), then spent the remainder of the time to get the tag to work 100% of the time.
			Problem ended up being that depending on what page you click the button to load the pdf from, it changes whether or not the path for the tag was valid.
			Shame HTML can't just do "~/myPath", once I found the problem tho I threw Request.ApplicationPath into the file path, and all was right with the world again.
			Revamping of the website is complete, and it does run MUCH smoother w/ the master page vs constant Object Tag usage.  No more white screens while 3/4s of the page loads.
			Wasted: 2 hours...
			
		Fixed all the broken Javascript functions, apparently html ids inside content pages all have the hiddeous ContentPlaceHolder id from the Master page prepended to them.
			Now my javascript looks hiddeous but it works like it should again.
			Spent: ~25m
			
		Completed delete custom page functionality for Custom Page Tool
			Spent: 20m
			
        Accidentally spent 30m fixing bugs in CustomPageTool, apparently js field validators break master pages when published online.  Removed and buttons started working again.
			
To Do:
	

		
Would be nice:
		Add drop downs to Magic Item Table, then color code by quality of item
		Increase/Reduce widths of magic item table where appropriate so you can read things easily.
		Make it so Resort can do ascending? by default, and implement it for magic item shop
		Update JS sorting function to use a fastor algorithm instead of the crappy W3Schools brute force one.
			Don't like the split second sorting being seen over every big table's load.  Do they make quick/merge sort for sorting table rows?
			Will probably code one myself if I can fin the time.