Week Three: COMPLETED ON SCHEDULE
	Approximately: 13 hrs and 22m
	

	Monday:
		Worked on Create Game Page and a ton of work on CSS across many pages.
			Spent: 3 hours
			
		Setup SP and code for creating new games
			Spent: ~1 hour?
			
	Tuesday:
		Messed with CSS for a long while.
			Spent: ~1 hour
			
	Wednesday:
		Fixed bug caused by 
		
		
		
		d apostrophe being entered into a Cookie, which made asp.net think it was a security violation and crashed the whole program....
			Spent: 30m or so placing in HtmlDecodes.
			PS:  I then removed the HTMLDecodes as this seemed to make Encoding them in the first place pointless, as it wouldnt protect against XSS attacks anymore.  See To Do for ongoing drama.
		
		Worked on Join Games Page, create Game Table with radio buttons so you can select the game you want
			Still needs a join selected game button, and textboxes/fields to send a join request.
			Spent: Maybe about 1.5 hours
		
		Made global CSS Changes and Fixed fatal Bug in ObjectTables in instances where user is dumb and removes the value from integer textboxes.
			Spent: Maybe 35m
			
	Friday:
		Finished Join Game Page and minor troubleshooting on the Apostrophe problem
			Spent: 1 hr 45m
		Worked on Party Page (Join requests)
			Almost complete, just need to hookup stored procedures.
			Spent: 50m
		
	Sunday:
		Finish Party Page (Finish buttons for accepting/denying Join requests)
			Spent: 30m.
		Party Page (Players) and related Stored Procedures
			Detected and fixed a bunch of old bugs as well.
			Spent: 2.5 hours
		Made it so Create Game Page auto loads Main sidebar page on game creation, so you can see the new game right away.
			Spent: 7m
		Added feature to Create Game page so it checks if a game already exists by the chosen name, and if so cancels the creation and tells the user to pick a different name.
			Spent: 5m
	
	
Would be nice Section:		
	Find a more compelling answer for the question of the apostrophe...
		Right now I am using decodes in GamesTable, and in Main
			Why does an apostrophe get encoded by html encode?  Why does this then crash the entire program in a cookie?  Should I htmldecode this stuff to avoid the crash, or does that just avoid the whole
			point of encoding it in the first place?  (Probably)
			
			For now I have disabled all validation in web.config to make it not crash on the Join Game screen, cause stackoverflow said to.  Seems like that's not a real solution though.
			
UI Colors:
	#03a6ff
	#ababab

	HttpContext.Current.Server.HtmlDecode(game.GameName);